Jehovah is great and most worthy of...
Praise.
Very good.
Worthy of praise in the city of Argaad in his holy mountain.
Beautiful in its loftiness, the joy of the whole earth.
His mount.
Who can tell me?
Mount Zion.
Both of you have been paying good attention.
Now, where is Mount Zion?
Right here, father.
Right here.
Where?
I don't see it.
Are you sure?
No, but I already live on Mount Zion.
Are you saying we live on a mountain?
Yes.
What is so special about Mount Zion?
I know.
Tell me my dear.
This is where King David lived.
Jehovah said,
I have put my king upon Zion, my holy mountain.
The priest brought the ark here.
I'm old, where do we get such studious children?
Just like their father.
Come on, children.
Zephaniah.
Today, my little son found this in a field.
I brought it home.
They're filling the holy city with their filthy idols.
Everywhere I look, I see pale images.
Smoke on the high places.
The smell of their incense makes me sick.
I've been king for 12 years now.
It's time to act.
I want to finish the cleansing work my grandfather started.
You will need Jehovah's help.
I know.
I've been praying about it day and night.
Good.
I will issue a proclamation.
Let the word go forth that we will rid this land of idolatry.
I've seen this cheaper.
Take it or leave it.
We keep raising your prices.
We start here.
We will do to every false god in the land.
Father, wake up.
Father, come on.
This is no time to be sleeping.
Josiah is on a campaign against all other gods except Jehovah.
Josiah is upending his own kingdom.
Don't let go down as easily as they think.
Does he think people will kill their customs, their rituals?
No way of life.
He's a fool.
They'll rescue us.
Father, look around.
All over Dune Andrew's home, Josiah is destroying bail images.
They can't even rescue themselves.
And the people, the people are supporting him.
Go ahead and doubt your disrespectful child.
You have become disloyal to bail.
And to me, your father who gave you life will come up with a poem.
With your pleas.
A lover to please.
What do you want?
Please.
Tell the king the stalker that's doing.
This is madness.
He's endangering himself, his family, and our entire nation.
Josiah's campaign against bail worshipers.
His campaign against bail himself.
I'll be mad at you, you disgusting idols.
Get away from your father, guards rest you.
Forgive me.
I beg you.
Just another word.
Please.
Pamoodle, I'm only telling you this for your own safety.
It'd be terrible if something were to happen to the king.
What happened to this father?
I think of your children.
The bail worshipers are no match for Jehovah, Pamoodle.
Please don't be fearful.
But this campaign has gone on for a year.
How long do we have to endure this?
However long it takes.
Yes, my lord.
Zephaniah, the prophet has arrived.
He brought someone with him.
Thank you.
I'll see them in the throne room.
Better check on the children.
Please don't show your concern.
I have I gone too far.
My own grandfather didn't succeed in.
Riding the land of the high places.
How can I do this?
This is Jeremiah from Adithov.
The man whom Jehovah has called to be a prophet.
Welcome.
King Josiah, all the faithful ones
support your campaign against idolatry.
We have done as you direct them, my lord.
And since you began this campaign 18 months ago,
you have gained many supporters.
This is true yet.
Many have continued worshiping bail, men like Ben Matten.
Pose a great threat.
The people may even resort to violence
to oppose this great work.
No doubt.
My lord, do you feel that you may not
have what it takes to complete such a task?
Your storing pure worship will take much more effort.
But it's the right thing to do.
You're right, Josiah.
But you're not doing this in human strength.
Jehovah is on your side.
You will give you the courage, wisdom, and strength
to complete this work.
When I expressed doubt in my own abilities,
Jehovah told me, do not say I am just a boy.
But Jehovah spoke to you directly, Jeremiah.
How can I be sure that will back me up that way?
Jeremiah just told me of a prophecy,
given hundreds of years ago, after King Jeroboam
set up his own altar in the northern kingdom.
By the word of Jehovah, man of God came from Judah to Bethel
while Jeroboam was standing by the altar
to make sacrificial smoke.
Then, he called out against the altar
by the word of Jehovah and said,
Oh, altar, altar.
This is what Jehovah says.
Look, a son named Josiah will be born to the house of David.
And he will sacrifice on you the priests of the high places,
those making sacrificial smoke on you.
And he will burn human bones on you.
So do not waver in a lack of faith, Josiah.
Become powerful by faith, like our Father Abraham.
Jehovah also spoke to me, Josiah.
He said, I will wipe out from this place every vestige of bail,
the name of the foreign God priests, along with the priests.
I will call to account the princes, the sons of the King,
and all those wearing foreign clothing.
Neither their silver nor their gold will save them.
He will bring to nothing all the gods of the earth.
Shafen the cleansing campaign has gone well,
but the temple is in disrepair.
It has been neglected for decades.
I hardly agree, my Lord.
Go up to Hilkai of the high priest.
Let him collect all the silver that is brought into the house of Jehovah.
Give it to those appointed over the work to repair the damage.
Tell them to buy timbers and hune stones.
Very good, my Lord.
And who should keep account of the funds?
Shafen?
No, Joah.
No accounting should be required for the silver.
All of these men are trustworthy.
Yes, my Lord, as you wish.
The day my grandfather died, he spoke of the temple.
I kept this safe all these years.
Hoping one day I could glorify Joah's house.
Today is that day.
Hilkai!
What's wrong?
Shafen, I found the book of the law in the house of Jehovah.
The book of the law?
I've never seen these passages before.
Take this rose of King Josiah immediately.
My Lord.
Shafen, how's the renovation coming?
Your servants are doing everything that was assigned to them.
They have poured out the money that was found in the house of Jehovah
and they have handed it over to the appointed men
and to those doing the work.
Very well.
Is there something else?
Yes, my Lord.
There is a book that Hilkai of the priest has given me.
What book?
They appear to be the words of Moses, my Lord.
Read it to us then.
These are the regulations and the judicial decisions
that you should be careful to carry out.
You should completely destroy all the places
where the nations you will dispossess have served their gods.
Whether on the high mountains or on the hills
or under any luxury and tree.
You should pull down their alters, shatter their sacred pillars,
burn their sacred poles in the fire,
and cut down the graven images of their gods
obliterating their very names from that place.
All of you, along with Hilkai,
inquire of Jehovah concerning the words of the book that has been found.
For Jehovah's Raid is great
because our forefathers did not carry out the word of Jehovah
by observing all that is written in this book.
The prophet is holed to lives nearby in the second quarter.
I'll ask Hilkai to meet us there.
This is what Jehovah, the God of Israel, says.
Tell a man who sent you to me.
I will bring calamity on this place and its inhabitants.
All the curses that are written in the book
that they read before the King of Judah.
Because they have abandoned me
and they're making sacrifices smoked to other gods
in order to offend me,
my rage will pour out on this place
and it will not be extinguished
but to the King of Judah.
This is what Jehovah, the God of Israel, says.
Because your heart was responsive
and you humbled yourself before God
on hearing his words
and ripped your garments apart
and wept before me.
I also have heard you.
That is why you will be laden your grave in peace
and your eyes will not see all the calamity
that I will bring on this place.
Praise be Jehovah our merciful God.
We're holding back his wrath.
Summon all the elders of Judah and Jerusalem.
Have them come up to the house of Jehovah.
Careful to obey all these words that I'm commanding you
so that it may always go well with you
and your sons after you
because you are doing what is good and right
and the eyes of Jehovah your God.
When Jehovah your God annihilates the nations
that you are to dispossess,
do not ask about their gods saying,
how are these nations accustomed to serve their gods?
Because they do for their gods every detestable thing
that Jehovah hates.
Even burning their sons and their daughters
in the fire to their gods.
If your brother or your son or your daughter
or your cherished wife or closest companion
should try to entice you in secrecy
saying, let us go and serve other gods.
You must not give in to him or listen to him
nor should you show pity or feel compassion
or protect him.
Instead, you should kill him without fail.
Observe the month of Abib and celebrate the Passover
to Jehovah your God.
For in the month of Abib, Jehovah your God
brought you out of Egypt by night.
And you should sacrifice the Passover offering
to Jehovah your God in the place that Jehovah chooses
to have his name reside.
Please join me in making a covenant
with the one true God, Jehovah,
to carry out all the words of this book.
Jehovah our God in the heavens.
Down to the Kidron Valley and burn them there.
And desecrate Toveth so that no one can make
their son or their daughter pass to the fire there.
This is only the beginning.
When Jehovah's help, we will read the entire land
of high places.
Every vestige of false worship
and every one who promotes it.
Once we cleanse the land of Judah,
we'll head north again to the cities of Samaria.
To whom these graves belong?
They belong to the bail prophets.
Take their bones and burn them on the altar
of Keith Jeroboam.
Afterwards, tear it down.
What is the grave over there?
It is the grave of the man of the true God.
Who foretold these things that you've done
against the altar of Bethel?
Let him rest.
Do not let anyone disturb his bones.
You know this grandfather.
And now he's turned my own son against me.
That is not true.
This is about standing up for what is right.
Bill is powerless.
What can't you see that?
powerless.
I...
wish...
I had sacrificed you until death.
No one.
Whatever.
Be a way to do that again.
Just so I made sure of that.
Everything has finally been accomplished according to the law.
There is one thing left for us to make right.
Command the people to hold a Passover to Jehovah
as is written in the book of the Covenant.
What if the people can't afford the Passover sacrifices?
I will contribute cattle to the people and my own flocks.
With great pleasure.
The Passover has not been held in grand style
since the days of the judges.
Careful to obey all these words that I am commanding you
so that it may always go well with you
and your sons after you
as you are doing what is good
and right in the eyes of Jehovah your God.